README.md, before:

File Drag & Drop plugin for Moodle's Atto editor
================================================

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/pauln/moodle-atto_filedragdrop.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/pauln/moodle-atto_filedragdrop)

An Atto plugin which adds drag and drop support for files which aren't images.


Description
===========

This plugin for Moodle's Atto WYSIWYG editor lets you drag any file into Atto - from documents to videos - in order to upload them into Moodle and add a link to the file within the Atto content.

If you are using Moodle's media filters, any supported multimedia files will display inline via the filter once published.


Installation
============

1. Make sure you're running Moodle 2.7 or later
2. Download and unpack the module, renaming the folder to "filedragdrop" if necessary
3. Place the "filedragdrop" folder in the "lib/editor/atto/plugins" subdirectory of your Moodle installation
4. Visit http://yoursite.com/admin to finish installation of the plugin
5. Go to your Site administration ► Plugins ► Text editors ► Atto HTML editor ► Atto toolbar settings
6. Add "filedragdrop" somewhere in the toolbar configuration

#### NOTE:
If you're running Moodle 2.9.2 or earlier, you'll need to make sure to include "filedragdrop" *before* the standard "image" plugin in your Atto toolbar configuration, due to a bug which resulted in the image plugin handling but ignoring non-image files.  This bug was fixed in Moodle 2.9.3 and 3.0.

Commit message:

Add note about lack of visible UI to readme
Add a note to the readme which explains the absence of any visible UI.  This resolves #2.

README.md, after:

File Drag & Drop plugin for Moodle's Atto editor
================================================

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/pauln/moodle-atto_filedragdrop.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/pauln/moodle-atto_filedragdrop)

An Atto plugin which adds drag and drop support for files which aren't images.


Description
===========

This plugin for Moodle's Atto WYSIWYG editor lets you drag any file into Atto - from documents to videos - in order to upload them into Moodle and add a link to the file within the Atto content.

If you are using Moodle's media filters, any supported multimedia files will display inline via the filter once published.

#### NOTE:
This plugin *does not add a toolbar button* or any other visible UI to Atto - it simply detects files dragged and dropped into Atto, automatically uploading them to Moodle.  It does still need to be in your Atto toolbar configuration in order to work, though in most cases this should happen automatically as part of the installation process.

Installation
============

1. Make sure you're running Moodle 2.7 or later
2. Download and unpack the module, renaming the folder to "filedragdrop" if necessary
3. Place the "filedragdrop" folder in the "lib/editor/atto/plugins" subdirectory of your Moodle installation
4. Visit http://yoursite.com/admin to finish installation of the plugin
5. Go to your Site administration ► Plugins ► Text editors ► Atto HTML editor ► Atto toolbar settings
6. Add "filedragdrop" somewhere in the toolbar configuration

#### NOTE:
If you're running Moodle 2.9.2 or earlier, you'll need to make sure to include "filedragdrop" *before* the standard "image" plugin in your Atto toolbar configuration, due to a bug which resulted in the image plugin handling but ignoring non-image files.  This bug was fixed in Moodle 2.9.3 and 3.0.
